and greet everyone today a
short video is following that of the
presentation of the animator mode stone where
I will show you how to adapt
your skins for fashion
so for the skin you remember
you will need to change your
eyebrows your eyes your mouth and
create your elbows and wants to play and your
knees excuse me so so we go
start with your elbows
in fact you will take the color of
your t-shirt to make it more realistic
for you do what you want and
you put on both sides
here as suicide and there you have to
elbow next to the knees it's
same but on the side of the legs
so I'm going to do with him if I 'm going
take over the color and I 'm going to do that
on both sides here is the same for
the other so there I made my elbows and
my knees
so we will pass in the eyes of his son to
the mouth so for that we will delete
everything on our face
we will remove everything
hop so there are going to consider and white
finally bazire and guides
but no, we're going to do eyebrows
the eyebrows in brown to give more
of style here you are 3 width
here then you will take your
white you're going to make them here here
it's for the teeth of here you leave
a space redone again 2 I
the impression that it is not the same
color
good it would be you would adjust to
six same colors between the two
layers of white where you will put
a layer of black for the bottom of the
stuffy
I put black but you can
put as you like I remember
everyone does what he wants and there we
attack the last part the eyes so
I take the white even the pipelettes
leblanc and I 'm going to do my eyes then
for eyes
you do it in purple I'm naughty
and if a strange white mount rape her and
there you have your eyes and your skins is
finished so that's it's the end of
this video is now I have you
learned how to change your movie for
adapt to limete player she is strong
to the world is nbc